i used to be very welcoming to everybody
that would come into my life but now i'm
very
wary of everybody
when you first get in there you first
get in the narrow gate it's very
what's the word terrifying yeah
terrifying i was very taken back by it
kept myself to myself for about three
[Music]
days
good morning manchester
[Music]
there's not been development on this
scale in any other european
city ever we are having an awful lot
more
investment especially from overseas
simply because we have higher yields
so for every hundred thousand pounds
that somebody's putting in as an
investment you're gonna get an awful lot
more back
per year in manchester than you are in
[Music]
london
jesus loves you
yes he does my jesus
unfortunately we have to have ladies in
the same room
as the men because we haven't got the
space and we haven't got the staff
to run two separate dormitories
we're always at capacity yeah
we've both had a really rough time in
life we don't give
what people think anymore both been
through real problems real situations
and you get a different outlook on life
you can't give it anymore you don't give
a you look at people in a different
way
i used to be very welcoming to everybody
that would come into my life but now i'm
very
wary of everybody
[Music]
i had everything i had an apartment in
town
i was working in a school for nearly 10
years
living with my brother living a high
life had enough money to do anything
that i wanted to do
and then long story short one day my
brother died in the arms and we had just
exploded
couldn't handle it lost my girlfriend
made a job
and because i lost my job i lost my
house and i just went living on the
field for a year and a half
dropped through the gap forgotten about
and then they wonder why there's so many
mentally or homeless people but if i got
the help two years ago i wouldn't be
homeless i'd be
probably volunteering in work
how are you coping like mental health
wise now are you getting any struggling
really struggling at the moment why
can't you be all right with this if it
ever wasn't honestly yeah doctor's
offering me medication but i don't want
to take it
it's more therapy that's what i really
need i'd rather talk to somebody that
seems to give than just take some
tablets
you'll be okay so in regards to
accommodation
it's kind of lucky because i've just got
a client who is moving out today
and it's the one it's an apartment just
around the corner from here
i'm not an estate agent until i mean
this property you're gonna have to
either say yeah
or you have to say no we've got like so
many of our sleepers
but because you've been here for so long
and you were sleeping rough
it's kind of your first dibs but it'll
be moving in the next two days
i'll take it yeah i'll take it yeah i'll
take it all right
[Music]
wow
this might be too much space for me
are you happy of course i'm only going
to move through i
really am over the moon
[Music]
it's fantastic i just don't do a very
over the moon good face
but i'm really extremely happy with it i
know it's a nice
flat and people get in and they say but
we will be honest
trying to make sure that you're going
forward and we are looking at things and
we are bidding and we're doing what we
can to get out quiet
quiet
now
you